howdy folks how's it going welcome to my
virgin kitchen you are looking gorgeous
yes you are today we are making a BLT a
BLT fit for mr. t you crazy fool
quiz sucker make it look less so make
this good times
it looks amazing right and this recipe
request comes from me I really wanted to
make a BLT about four years ago before I
really started getting into cooking and
stuff used to hate tomatoes and I used
to hate less but the more I've used them
in recipe videos the more I've grown to
like BLTs and everyone likes bacon right
and I was thinking dice cannot look put
a special twist on it rather than being
a BLT so I add some avocado but then
it'd be like a BL a t like a blat now
just stick to the BLT you wanna have a
go at making this hit pause on the video
now write all these ingredients down
super simple you must you must you must
try this please please Thanks we'll
start off by making a sexy lemon pepper
mustard mayo so in a bowl combine your
mayonnaise with the Dijon mustard around
about half the amount of your mayonnaise
but you can tweak that to your liking
scrape on some lemon zest scrape on I
mean like zest on some lemon zest with
like a zester you know I'm saying and
grind on some pepper and give it a good
mix through until fully combined then
whack it in the fridge for the time
being in terms of the lettuce and the
tomato all I did was grab yourself a
knife shredded up the less and just cut
my tomatoes into nice thick chunky
slices so easy right now we've got bacon
I wanted to get it nice and crispy so I
worked mine under the grill for a good
eight to ten minutes turning it over but
there's nothing to stop you cooking it
in a pan or even oven baking it if you
want whatever you want to do and once
it's done just cut it into nice little
strips
oh yeah baby now the reason I really
wanted to do this recipe video today was
I was on a training of the day and paid
five pounds for a BLT and the bread was
terrible it was so thin like I could
wash my face with it there was hardly
any lettuce there was like one little
sliver of bacon I don't even think it
was a tomato actually in there it might
have been a piece of orange I don't
really know but the really thing that's
going to make this recipe your own is
getting some good quality bread this is
from my baker it's a seeded Grammy loaf
so so good and of course we always in
Greece we made we can stack them high so
taste up your bread slice
toast toast it up and now we build it
yet we build it by grabbing a slice of
our toasted bread grabbing some of that
mayonnaise and spreading it all over
which will act as our glue piling on our
lettuce nice and high so really good a
ton on that
plonk on some tomato slices your
King strips a little drizzle more of
mayonnaise and some more lettuce if you
want to and then simply top it that is
looking mr. t quizzes sucker sensational
I'll just say guys if it's cooled down
and you want it a little warmer wrap it
in some baking parchment like this and
shove it in the oven for around about
five minutes and it'll be good baby oh
yeah oh my goodness I don't know who
invented it BLT but I'm in love with him
right now it's so fresh and particularly
that mayonnaise is working its way
through it the BLT combo never felt it
well if four years ago it did to me but
I'm loving it right now and it goes
great with a book and some of you have
been messaging me saying Barry I ordered
your book can you sign it for me yes get
in touch by my website it's a lot easier
for me to reply to you that way and I
will sign it for you but guys if you try
out this BLT send me a picture
@myvirginkitchen let me know what sort
of spin you put on your BLT down below
and if you enjoyed this video
don't forget your best dance up share
subscribe and comment all that stuff and
no buy my book if you are not ready love
you guys see you next time